IAM self-hosted launch blog (#17045)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/pulumi-cloud-iam-self-hosted/index.md

---

> title: "Pulumi IAM Now Available for Self-Hosted Instances"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Pulumi IAM Now Available for Self-Hosted Pulumi Cloud"
```

  - self-hosted
---

We're excited to announce that **Pulumi Identity and Access Management (IAM)** is now available for self-hosted instances of Pulumi Cloud. This foundational security capability brings the same enterprise-grade access controls we launched for Pulumi Cloud SaaS to organizations running Pulumi on their own infrastructure.

<!--more-->

## Enterprise Security for Self-Hosted Deployments

Self-hosted Pulumi customers can now leverage the full power of **Custom Roles** and **Granular Access Tokens** to implement Zero Trust security principles and least privilege access controls within their own environments. This means you can:

*   **Define Custom Permissions** with fine-grained scopes (e.g., `stack:delete`, `environment:read`) tailored to your organization's security requirements.
*   **Create Custom Roles** by combining these permissions with specific Pulumi entities (Stacks, Environments, etc.).
*   **Generate Scoped Organization Access Tokens** that are precisely limited to the permissions defined in their associated roles, dramatically reducing the blast radius if credentials are compromised.

## Secure Automation for On-Premises Infrastructure

> This release is particularly powerful for self-hosted deployments where security and compliance requirements are often even more stringent. You can now:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release is powerful for self-hosted Pulumi Cloud deployments where security and compliance requirements are often even more stringent. You can now:
```
